Welcome to GodotOS! This handbook will show in detail all the things you can do here.

Chapters:
	1. Handling windows
	2. Managing files
	3. Managing settings
	4. Playing games

----- CHAPTER 1: HANDLING WINDOWS -----
To open a new window, you can either double click a file or open a game through the start menu in the bottom left of the screen.
Judging by the fact that you're reading this, you already figured out how to open files. Congratulations!

You can drag a window by holding left click on the top bar and moving your mouse. You cannot move windows outside of the screen.
You can resize a window by dragging the bottom right corner of the window. Hold shift while dragging to maintain the aspect ratio.
In the top left of a window are three buttons: Minimize, Maximize, and Close.
Every window spawned has a taskbar button that spawns next to the start menu (bottom left of the screen). Clicking that window's taskbar button will minimize or restore the window.

Notice the COLORS of each window. Every window type has a specific color theme:
	* Blue windows are text editors (like this one!)
	* Green windows are file managers
	* Yellow windows are images
	* Purple windows are games

----- CHAPTER 2: MANAGING FILES -----
GodotOS uses real folders and files that are stored in your system.
Where they're stored depends on the operating system, but you can use "CTRL + SHIFT + F" to open your files outside of GodotOS (try it now!)
Note that people using GodotOS on the web can't access their files due to browser restrictions :(

You import your files into GodotOS by either dragging them over GodotOS or placing them in your own file manager. The changes will sync immediately.
To export your files, simply open the files in your file manager (CTRL + SHIFT + F) and copy them out. 

Only supported files will be seen by GodotOS. These are currently:
	* Image files (JPG, PNG, WEBP)
	* Text files (TXT, MD)

Inside of GodotOS, you can right click in empty spaces to create folders and text files.
You can also right click to copy or cut folders and files anywhere else.
Right click in an empty space to paste your files. This can be in the desktop or in a file manager window.

You may also rename files and move them to trash.
Note that moving files to trash does NOT delete them, but instead moves them to your system's trash.

Hotkeys you would expect to work do actually work (Ctrl+C, Ctrl+X, Ctrl+V, F2, DELETE).

GodotOS currently can't browse other files in your system. This is mainly for your safety, as it's not 100% stable and I don't want you to lose any important stuff.
The second reason is to reinforce that GodotOS is not a serious project, and shouldn't be used as an actual replacement for your real operating system!

----- CHAPTER 3: MANAGING SETTINGS -----
To access the settings menu, click on the start button (bottom left), then click on the cog icon next to the power button.
The settings allows you to customize many things, including your screen scale, fullscreen mode, background color, and more!

Many of these settings can also be changed via hotkeys:
	* Increase Scale: Ctrl +
	* Decrease Scale: Ctrl -
	* Enter/Exit Fullscreen: Alt Enter / F11

Here you can remove your current wallpaper (you can add one by right clicking an image file).
You can change your background color, which is visible only if there is no wallpaper applied.

----- CHAPTER 4: PLAYING GAMES -----
Now for some fun! GodotOS currently comes packaged with 3 basic games: Pong, Super Bit Boy & Snake.
Note that hopefully more games will be added in the future!
You can access these from the start menu in the bottom left.

All games automatically pause when minimized, and automatically continue when restored.

There are 3 modes in Pong:
	* Singleplayer - The default mode against an AI. Use the up and down arrow keys to move.
	* Survival - Try to last as long as possible with an increasingly speedy ball.
	* Multiplayer - Play locally with a friend. The 2nd paddle is controlled with W and S.

Super Bit Boy, on the other hand, is a 2D platformer inspired by Super Meat Boy!
Move left and right with the arrow keys or A and D, jump with space or Z.

In Snake, your goal is to eat fruits and get longer. Don't bite yourself or hit the wall!
Use the arrow keys to move. The game keeps track of your high score until it's closed.
